---
layout: default
title: "Microservices - A Pratical Guide - Klappentext"
description: "Microservices - A Pratical Guides: Content"
---

Content
---

Microservices have many advantages: Efficiently implementing more
features, bringing software into production faster, robustness and
easy scalability are among them. But implementing a microservices
architecture and selecting the necessary technologies are difficult
challenges.

This book shows microservices recipes that architects can customize
and combine into a microservices menu. In this way, the implementation
of microservices can be individually adapted to the requirements of
the project.

Eberhard Wolff introduces microservices, self-contained systems,
micro- and macro-architecture and the migration to microservices. The
second part shows the microservices recipes: Basic technologies such
as Docker or PaaS, frontend integration with links, JavaScript or ESI
(Edge Side Includes). This is followed by asynchronous microservices
with Apache Kafka or REST / Atom. In the synchronous approaches, the
book discusses REST with the Netflix stack, Consul, PaaS with Cloud
Foundry, and Kubernetes. Finally, operations is discussed: Log
Analysis with Elasticsearch and Kibana, Monitoring with Prometheus,
and tracing with Zipkin.

For each recipe there are suggestions for variations and
combinations. Readers can experience all technologies hands-on with a
demo project on GitHub. The outlook picks up on the operation of
microservices and also shows how the reader can start with
microservices in concrete terms.
